GraphQL Querying Migration (#440)
HarperFast/documentation: reference_versioned_docs/version-v4/graphql-querying/overview.md

	Dog {
		id
		name
		breed
	}

	Owner {
		id
		name
		occupation
	}
}
```

This will return all dogs and owners in the database. And is equivalent to executing two REST queries:

```http
GET /Dog/?select(id,name,breed)
# and
GET /Owner/?select(id,name,occupation)
```

## Request Parameters

There are three request parameters for GraphQL queries: `query`, `operationName`, and `variables`

1. `query` - _Required_ - The string representation of the GraphQL document.
   1. Limited to [Executable Definitions](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#executabledefinition) only.
   1. i.e. GraphQL [`query`](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/#fields) or `mutation` (coming soon) operations, and [fragments](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/#fragments).
   1. If an shorthand, unnamed, or singular named query is provided, they will be executed by default. Otherwise, if there are multiple queries, the `operationName` parameter must be used.
1. `operationName` - _Optional_ - The name of the query operation to execute if multiple queries are provided in the `query` parameter
1. `variables` - _Optional_ - A map of variable values to be used for the specified query

## Type Checking

> The Harper GraphQL Querying system takes many liberties from the GraphQL specification. This extends to how it handle type checking. In general, the querying system does **not** type check. Harper uses the `graphql` parser directly, and then performs a transformation on the resulting AST. We do not control any type checking/casting behavior of the parser, and since the execution step diverges from the spec greatly, the type checking behavior is only loosely defined.

Reviewer: Usually the phrase is "takes liberties _with_", not "from"... But I would suggest wording this like:
```suggestion
The Harper GraphQL Querying system is designed to handle GraphQL queries and map them directly to Harper's tables, schemas, fields, and relationships to easily query with GraphQL syntax with minimal configuration, code, and overhead. However, the "GraphQL", as a technology has come to encompass an entire model of resolvers and a type checking system, which is outside of the scope of using GraphQL as a _query_ language for data retrieval from Harper. Therefore, the querying system generally does **not** type check, and type checking behavior is outside the scope of resolving queries and is only loosely defined in Harper.
```
